README.markdown, before:

PaazioTools
===========
Studies, trials and snippets in several scripting and programming languages.
All the code is under Creative Commons License - Attribution & Share Alike (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/).

[![Analytics](https://ga-beacon.appspot.com/UA-2643697-15/PaazioTools/index?flat)](https://github.com/igrigorik/ga-beacon)


AS3
---
Actionscript 3, 2 and Flash authoring tool formats

CSS
---
Cascaded Style Sheets

Javascript
----------
Mostly jQuery (http://jquery.com)

*Maps*

 * Google Maps ()
 * Bing Maps (http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/gg427610.aspx)
 * Nokia Maps (http://api.maps.nokia.com/)

Perl
----

Photoshop, Adobe
----------------
These are Javascript based scripts for versions CS2 and up.

Python
------
Perhaps not that many scripts since there has not been much *time* nor *effort* to study this language.


PHP
---
Most likely the most active section


QML
---
Qt Quick has a huge promise and it seems that it might be able to keep it



Scripts
-------
Random scripts for anything that is not big enough for its own root folder...


[![Bitdeli Badge](https://d2weczhvl823v0.cloudfront.net/paazmaya/paaziotools/trend.png)](https://bitdeli.com/free "Bitdeli Badge")

Commit message:

PR blog post link to contribution

README.markdown, after:

PaazioTools
===========
Studies, trials and snippets in several scripting and programming languages.
All the code is under Creative Commons License - Attribution & Share Alike (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/).

[![Analytics](https://ga-beacon.appspot.com/UA-2643697-15/PaazioTools/index?flat)](https://github.com/igrigorik/ga-beacon)


AS3
---
Actionscript 3, 2 and Flash authoring tool formats

CSS
---
Cascaded Style Sheets

Javascript
----------
Mostly jQuery (http://jquery.com)

*Maps*

 * Google Maps ()
 * Bing Maps (http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/gg427610.aspx)
 * Nokia Maps (http://api.maps.nokia.com/)

Perl
----

Photoshop, Adobe
----------------
These are Javascript based scripts for versions CS2 and up.

Python
------
Perhaps not that many scripts since there has not been much *time* nor *effort* to study this language.


PHP
---
Most likely the most active section


QML
---
Qt Quick has a huge promise and it seems that it might be able to keep it



Scripts
-------
Random scripts for anything that is not big enough for its own root folder...


## Contributing

[Please refer to a GitHub blog post on how to create somewhat perfect pull request.](https://github.com/blog/1943-how-to-write-the-perfect-pull-request "How to write the perfect pull request")
