README.md, before:

# PaazioTools

Studies, trials and snippets in several scripting and programming languages.
All the code is under Creative Commons License - Attribution & Share Alike (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/).

[![Analytics](https://ga-beacon.appspot.com/UA-2643697-15/PaazioTools/index?flat)](https://github.com/igrigorik/ga-beacon)


##AS3

Actionscript 3, 2 and Flash authoring tool formats

## CSS

Cascaded Style Sheets

## Javascript

Mostly jQuery (http://jquery.com)

*Maps*

 * Google Maps ()
 * Bing Maps (http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/gg427610.aspx)
 * Nokia Maps (http://api.maps.nokia.com/)

## Perl

Used to be needed for making anything that was related to file uploads..

## Photoshop, Adobe

These are JavaScript based scripts for versions CS2 and up.

## Python

Perhaps not that many scripts since there has not been much *time* nor *effort* to study this language.

## PHP

Most likely the most active section

## QML

Qt Quick has a huge promise and it seems that it might be able to keep it

## Scripts

Random scripts for anything that is not big enough for its own root folder...

## License

Copyright (c) [Juga Paazmaya](https://paazmaya.fi) <paazmaya@yahoo.com>

## Contributing

[Please refer to a GitHub blog post on how to create somewhat perfect pull request.](https://github.com/blog/1943-how-to-write-the-perfect-pull-request "How to write the perfect pull request")

Commit message:

:see_no_evil: link on getting started with contributing

README.md, after:

# PaazioTools

Studies, trials and snippets in several scripting and programming languages.
All the code is under Creative Commons License - Attribution & Share Alike (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/).

[![Analytics](https://ga-beacon.appspot.com/UA-2643697-15/PaazioTools/index?flat)](https://github.com/igrigorik/ga-beacon)


##AS3

Actionscript 3, 2 and Flash authoring tool formats

## CSS

Cascaded Style Sheets

## Javascript

Mostly jQuery (http://jquery.com)

*Maps*

 * Google Maps ()
 * Bing Maps (http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/gg427610.aspx)
 * Nokia Maps (http://api.maps.nokia.com/)

## Perl

Used to be needed for making anything that was related to file uploads..

## Photoshop, Adobe

These are JavaScript based scripts for versions CS2 and up.

## Python

Perhaps not that many scripts since there has not been much *time* nor *effort* to study this language.

## PHP

Most likely the most active section

## QML

Qt Quick has a huge promise and it seems that it might be able to keep it

## Scripts

Random scripts for anything that is not big enough for its own root folder...

## License

Copyright (c) [Juga Paazmaya](https://paazmaya.fi) <paazmaya@yahoo.com>

## Contributing

["A Beginner's Guide to Open Source: The Best Advice for Making your First Contribution"](http://hf.heidilabs.com/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-open-source-making-your-first-contribution).

[Also there is a blog post about "45 Github Issues Dos and Don’ts"](https://davidwalsh.name/45-github-issues-dos-donts).

Linting is done with [ESLint](http://eslint.org) and can be executed with `npm run lint`.
There should be no errors appearing after any JavaScript file changes.
